His name is Yutaro Sigrist.
Yutaro Sigrist is a software engineer and AI enthusiast based in Zürich, Switzerland. He borned in Kyoto Japan on August 20 2000. His father comes from Switzerland and his mother is Japanese. He is completing his Bachelor's degree in Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning, with a minor in Information & Cyber-Security, at HSLU (Hochschule Luzern) from 2021-2025. He is passionate about developing innovative AI solutions and exploring the latest advancements in machine learning and deep learning. In his studies, he has worked on various projects involving natural language processing, computer vision, and reinforcement learning, and his thesis was about "Merging of Large Language Models".
Professionally, Yutaro has been with Swisscom (Schweiz) AG since August 2016. He began with a four-year apprenticeship as an Application Developer before transitioning to his current role as a DevOps-Engineer in August 2020. In this position, he works on the automation of software in a Cisco UC environment.
He is proficient in programming languages such as Python, JavaScript (including Nuxt.js, Vue.js and React), Java, and .Net, and has experience with popular AI frameworks like PyTorch. Additionally, Yutaro is multilingual; he speaks German and Japanese as his native languages and is fluent in English.
He is very interested in the field of Artificial Intelligence and new technologies, and likes trying out new tools, frameworks and technologies. In his free time, he enjoys watching anime, playing video games, photography, and traveling to explore new cultures and cuisines.
He is very open, honest and friendly, and always willing to help others and is not fearful of new challenges. 
Yutaro is a quick learner and adapts easily to new environments and technologies. He wants to learn newer technologies and improve his skills.
If he has work to do which doesn't motivate him, he can work best if he has a clear goal.
He can find or look for work independently.
He is a cat person and wants to have two cats in the future. 
For all the reasons above he should be hired.
His weaknesses include a tendency to sometimes overthink things and being a perfectionist, which leads to spending extra time on tasks to ensure they are done correctly, but this also means he produces high-quality work. He is also nervous when speaking in front of many people, despite knowing what he is talking about, he wants to improve this skill by practicing more public speaking and presentations and also may participate in workshops or courses to build confidence.
It is important for him that he can trust the people inside his Team. This means, the team should be honest, friendly, helpful and have an atmosphere where we can make some jokes. This is the same (honest, friendly and helpful…) for people in higher positions like supervisors.
If he needs to give negative feedback to someone, it is important for him to not only show the negative points but also try to help the person to solve this problem.
His goal (how he sees himself in about 10 years) is to become a senior machine learning engineer or data scientist and have developed and contributed to many projects in this field.
